README.md, before:

# JBDL-68

Docker slides : https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w4UCwwvQJw9vQe1ssCUPP55TblGOl3WhWrS1Q30kODw/edit#

Redis labs / Redis on cloud : https://app.redislabs.com/
Redis university: https://university.redis.com/

Assignments

1. Basic core Java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YMig3AVLglOgQVWFmt93ZtdvndiRRfowexAmPpUGeP0/edit
2. DS Algo in Java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUQSdwxdw6f4DJRO0W92tziih86tTt06fWl7L-V852g/edit
3. Streams and Lambdas - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AAlORAmRz-m_aaviZ_k4DgbbbLNzlrn3mV8ayaxgKOg/edit

Assignment Solution
1. Basic core java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/166Zv24JnGhzYvCQN1ND5M2aOahE1B0yoaLwh7ogawco/edit?usp=sharing
2. DS Algo in Java - https://github.com/piyush5807/JBDL-33/tree/master/DS%20Algo%20Assignment/src/com/example
3. Streams and lambdas - https://drive.google.com/file/d/17JxrPOt0JzIyb-JoVoMAuCu1U773iff0/view?usp=sharing

Quizes
1. Streams - https://forms.gle/nenVZ2AdqGpdSzid6
2. Multi Threading - https://forms.gle/3YqgZk1gdCSm15A36
3. Maven - https://forms.gle/ZNKZ5keD2yFfeiHU9


Lecture Wise Notes: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rOtQ8mCv4qWtGBwIvxo2UkArlZnASgEa

Java

1. Download - https://www.oracle.com/in/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html
2. Resources - https://www.baeldung.com/ , https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q

Postman
1. Download - https://www.postman.com/downloads/
2. Resources - https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/

Maven
1. Download - https://maven.apache.org/install.html
2. Resources - https://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/maven-in-five-minutes.html

Spring Basics
1. Resources - https://www.baeldung.com/ , https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/reference/html/

MySQL
1. Download - https://www.mysql.com/downloads/
2. Resources - https://www.mysqltutorial.org/

MongoDB
1. Download - https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/shell
2. Resources - https://docs.mongodb.com/

Redis
1. Download - https://github.com/microsoftarchive/redis/releases/tag/win-3.2.100 (windows) , https://redis.io/download
2. Resources - https://redis.io/

Kafka
1. Download - https://kafka.apache.org/downloads
2. Resources - https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart


Miscellaneous links
1. Multi Threading - https://www.baeldung.com/java-concurrency
2. Streams + Lambdas - https://link.medium.com/pwFwKG1Grqb, https://link.medium.com/1tyR6i3Grqb, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OpAgZvYXLQ, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73kB4XZQ4I

Commit message:

updated postman collection in readme

README.md, after:

# JBDL-68

Postman collection: https://api.postman.com/collections/4856615-58dbf714-a1c5-4959-acc3-08304689afc2?access_key=PMAT-01HYA903N72C9NEREDZS4TS296

If you are able to import this collection in postman, let me know, I will help you

Docker slides : https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1w4UCwwvQJw9vQe1ssCUPP55TblGOl3WhWrS1Q30kODw/edit#

Redis labs / Redis on cloud : https://app.redislabs.com/
Redis university: https://university.redis.com/

Assignments

1. Basic core Java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YMig3AVLglOgQVWFmt93ZtdvndiRRfowexAmPpUGeP0/edit
2. DS Algo in Java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUQSdwxdw6f4DJRO0W92tziih86tTt06fWl7L-V852g/edit
3. Streams and Lambdas - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AAlORAmRz-m_aaviZ_k4DgbbbLNzlrn3mV8ayaxgKOg/edit

Assignment Solution
1. Basic core java - https://docs.google.com/document/d/166Zv24JnGhzYvCQN1ND5M2aOahE1B0yoaLwh7ogawco/edit?usp=sharing
2. DS Algo in Java - https://github.com/piyush5807/JBDL-33/tree/master/DS%20Algo%20Assignment/src/com/example
3. Streams and lambdas - https://drive.google.com/file/d/17JxrPOt0JzIyb-JoVoMAuCu1U773iff0/view?usp=sharing

Quizes
1. Streams - https://forms.gle/nenVZ2AdqGpdSzid6
2. Multi Threading - https://forms.gle/3YqgZk1gdCSm15A36
3. Maven - https://forms.gle/ZNKZ5keD2yFfeiHU9


Lecture Wise Notes: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rOtQ8mCv4qWtGBwIvxo2UkArlZnASgEa

Java

1. Download - https://www.oracle.com/in/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html
2. Resources - https://www.baeldung.com/ , https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q

Postman
1. Download - https://www.postman.com/downloads/
2. Resources - https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/

Maven
1. Download - https://maven.apache.org/install.html
2. Resources - https://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/maven-in-five-minutes.html

Spring Basics
1. Resources - https://www.baeldung.com/ , https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/reference/html/

MySQL
1. Download - https://www.mysql.com/downloads/
2. Resources - https://www.mysqltutorial.org/

MongoDB
1. Download - https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/shell
2. Resources - https://docs.mongodb.com/

Redis
1. Download - https://github.com/microsoftarchive/redis/releases/tag/win-3.2.100 (windows) , https://redis.io/download
2. Resources - https://redis.io/

Kafka
1. Download - https://kafka.apache.org/downloads
2. Resources - https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart


Miscellaneous links
1. Multi Threading - https://www.baeldung.com/java-concurrency
2. Streams + Lambdas - https://link.medium.com/pwFwKG1Grqb, https://link.medium.com/1tyR6i3Grqb, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OpAgZvYXLQ, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F73kB4XZQ4I
